charte graphique :
#273B3A
#186974
hsl(22, 40.50%, 85.50%)
#BE4334
#732D24
2 font differente pour le texte 1 pour le titre 1 pour le texte
titre :
bitcount
texte:
Caveat brush
npx @tailwindcss/cli -i ./src/input.css -o ./src/output.css --watch


-bouton deconnexion 
-pouvoir upload une image
-fairee fonctinner login et reggister 
-continuer asvec les transition


Liste :

- You must implement validation mechanisms for forms and any user input, either on
the base page if no backend is used, or on the server side if a backend is employed.

◦ Users can securely subscribe to the website. ()

◦ Registered users can securely log in. ()

◦ Users can select a unique display name to participate in tournaments. ()

◦ Users can update their information. ()

◦ Users can upload an avatar, with a default option if none is provided. ()

◦ Users can add others as friends and view their online status. ()

◦ User profiles display stats, such as wins and losses. ()

◦ Each user has a Match History including 1v1 games, dates, and relevant
	details, accessible to logged-in users. ()

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

◦ Offer customization features, such as power-ups, attacks, or different maps,
	that enhance the gameplay experience.

◦ Allow users to choose a default version of the game with basic features if they
	prefer a simpler experience.

◦ Ensure that customization options are available and applicable to all games
	offered on the platform.

◦ Implement user-friendly settings menus or interfaces for adjusting game 
	parameters.

◦ Maintain consistency in customization features across all games to provide a
	unified user experience.

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

◦ Implement support for a minimum of three languages on the website to ac-
	commodate a broad audience.

◦ Provide a language switcher or selector that allows users to easily change the
	website’s language based on their preferences.

◦ Translate essential website content, such as navigation menus, headings, and
	key information, into the supported languages.

◦ Ensure that users can navigate and interact with the website seamlessly, re-
	gardless of the selected language.

◦ Consider using language packs or localization libraries to simplify the 
	translation process and maintain consistency across different languages.

◦ Allow users to set their preferred language as the default for subsequent visits.

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The website is available at the address chosen by the students.
   
The user can login using the 42 intranet OAuth feature.
  
When logged for the first time, the user is prompted to add information to their account (display name/nickname, avatar, and so forth).
  
If not logged, the user has access to only little or no information and is prompted to sign in.

The website is a Single Page Application. The user can use the "Back" and "Forward" buttons of the web browser.
  
You can browse the website using the latest version of Chrome and one additionnal browser without encountering any problems or errors.

Users can see the profile of other users. A profile contains basic
informations such as their nickname, their avatar, or a button to add
them as friends.

User can block other users. This means they won't receive private messages
from the accounts they blocked nor view their messages in public/private
channels.

The user has access to a friends interface, where they can see their
friends and their status (offline/online/in a game/and so forth). They
also have access to basics informations about them (name/nickname, avatar
and so forth).

The user can enable/disable 2FA (two-factor authentication). If enabled,
they must pass it in order to sign in. For example, 2FA can use Google
Authenticator, a text message, an email, and so forth.

When logged in, the user has access to a matchmaking system so they can
play Pong 1v1 games versus other players on the website. When they get
matched, a new game is loaded and the two users can start playing.

The game itself must be playable and respect the original Pong game.
The controls must be intuitive or correctly explained (with some rules or
manual). When a game is over, either a kind of end-game screen is
displayed or the game page just exits.

There is a spectator mode. The user can watch any live games. They can be
accessed through the chat interface or the friend interface.
There can also be a page dedicated to live games from which the user can
access any of them.

Unexpected disconnections and lags have to be handled. The game and the
website must not crash when a user is experiencing lags or is disconnected.
Handling such issues in an efficient way is appreciated but not mandatory:

    Pause the game for a defined duration.

    Disconnected users can reconnect.
    
	Lagging users can catch up to the match.
    
	And so forth. Any solution is acceptable. The only requirement is: the game should not crash.
